# https://github.com/CarolynMassa/AIRBNB_SB_2.git
 PRICE FORECAST
AirBnB Price Prediction – This study is an exploration into key factors that determine the pricing of an AIRBNB which allows home-owners and renters ('hosts') to put their properties ('listings') online, so that guests can pay to stay in them; whether they are entire apartments owned by the host or part of their own living space. 

Hosts are expected to set their own prices for their listings or they can pay a fee to use a service () such as "Be-yond Pricing" and others like "Smart Pricing" which will change pricing according to Supply and Demand and other typical factors such as holidays, special events and the like. Although Airbnb and other sites provide some general guidance, there are currently no free services which help hosts price their properties. Airbnb Hosts typi-cally pay between 3 and 14% of their earnings to use the Airbnb platform. *Source here. These 3rd party algo-rithms will change each daily price around that base price on each day depending on day of the week, the sea-son, how far away the date is, and other misc. factors. In order to truly maximize revenues and get pricing strat-egy correct, it is important to understand the factors involved. 

Paris, France ranks as one of the most visited places in the World with highly ranked Museums, world renowned cuisine and impressive architecture- therefore high cost hotels.  That being said, the number of hosts has grown exponentially since 2015 and competition is fierce. The goal of this analysis is to use machine learning to predict a type of model to learn how to forecast the best price, and also to explore Airbnb listing data, in order to help Airbnb hosts to maximize their earnings. It is important to note that Paris Proper is 41 square miles with 58,184 listings as of April of 2019 which essentially means
There are 1,419 AirBnB per 1 square mile where New York has 6 Airbnb’s per every square mile though it is sig-nificantly larger.

The only domain expertise I have is I have worked as an Analyst forecasting metals, elastomers, carbides and other regulated materials for the oil and gas domain. I did work as a front desk Manager for Le Meridien when I was just out of my undergrad program, which is a 4 star hotel so I do recall a bit about occupancy rates/timing factors as they relate to the hotel pricing strategies and owned my own tour business when I lived in Paris, France from 2018 to 2020
